Add: Avatar component (#1161)
balena-io-modules/rendition: README.md

#### Inheritance

The properties of the [`Box`](#box) component are also available.
### Avatar

[View story source](https://github.com/balena-io-modules/rendition/blob/master/src/components/Avatar/story.js)

#### Props

| Name   | Type   | Default   | Required   | Description   |
| ------ | ------ | --------- | ---------- | ------------- |

> | `email`| `string`| - | - | The email to fetch the gravatar |

Reviewer: Let's just have `src` and do the transformation of email -> gravatar URL as part of the rendition client for a start

Author: IMHO it would be worth to put the `email` prop back in the future, otherwise we will end up implementing the getGravatar function in all projects

Reviewer: @JSReds let's start without it, and then decide if it is something that will be used in multiple places. Maybe we'll allow uploading photos to the DB, in which case we won't use gravatar.

> | `fullName`| `string`| - | - | Full name will be splitted and will grab only the first letters  |

Reviewer: This feels a bit hacky (what if my name is `First second third fourth`)? How about having first name and last name as separate props?

Author: TBH I had done exactly for that, it seemed comfortable to be able to pass a `fullName="First second third fourth"` and have as a result `FSTF`. Passing first and last name seems a little restrictive, but we can redo it in the future.

Reviewer: @JSReds but the avatar won't fit 4 letters for example, and people normally have first name (multiple middle names) last name, so it is still valid.

> | `src`  | `string`| - | - | The path to an image that should be displayed in the background |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `src`  | `string`| - | - | URL or base64 encoded image to be displayed in the avatar |
```

> | `emphasized`  | `boolean` | false | - | If true it change the Avatar size, it will make it bigger |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `emphasized`  | `boolean` | false | - | If true, uses a larger size avatar |
```

> | `size`  | `string` | `medium` | - | The size of the avatar (values: 'xsmall' 'small' 'medium' 'large' 'xlarge' or css size )|

Reviewer: Normally we don't use Grommet's sizes, as it is too flexible. We probably want 2 sizes, probably normal and `emphasized` (how we do it for the spinner, input, etc.)
